what do you think of element just got
down here this morning or an hour ago
and it's pretty impressive but it's to
use it's a massive it's you know it's a
massive contest and I've been to the US
open every year it's kind of cool to
come back on even though that I'm
Cronulla love barely still but now it's
cool to come here and have a home crowd
and have a fun ramp the sky almost
friends are here it's good cool I've
skated through have you been skating
around I have happy I skated oh did you
see me no I did it I did the beat is
there you should've seen it what are you
using about the contest I love it you
know having something I really do not
actually damage really good I know is
amazing all right let's go skating it
we're gonna go see you later mom
charming
I
you